Next question, when does In log:
My input get logged, this [LAUGH]
is a weird way of phrasing it but
hopefully it makes sense, A, B, C or D?
All right, so, the right answer is C,
first we call next and
then we call next with a string my input.
So first, is just take a look at
generator functions in general.
So, this is not the same
code as we just saw, but
in this case we have a generator function,
it yields 1, 2 and it returns 3.
So when we invoke a generator function,
it doesn't execute the body, but
instead it returns a generator object.
So normally you just assign
the generator function a value.
So here we have the genObject,
which now points to that generator object
returned by that generator function.
And with this object or
with generator functions, in general,
we can control the execution
of that function body.
And this generator object has methods
on it that we can use to invoke
the generator function up until
it finds a yield or return.
So in this case,
we can call genObject.next() and
this will start the execution of
the function body until it finds a yield.
And when it defines a yield, it will
return this special object with the value,
which is the value that got yielded and
also with a don property,
which states whether the generator
function has returned or not.
In this case, it hasn't returned yet.
It has yielded value.
And we can keep doing this if we want to.
We don't have to invoke it, but
it will cash the state kind
of of where it left off.
So now if we call next again it'll go
from that yield 1 back to the yield 2,
cuz because that's the first time
it encounters that yield again.
So only one we're return will default
values to be three like the return
value Is the value of the value
property on the object.
But then done is set to true
because we finally returned.
However, and then yeah,
the generator object is closed, so
we cannot keep on iterating it.
Now it's closed.
If we call next again, it'll just
return undefined for the value and
still done true.
So in this case,
this is the code that we just saw.
We, again, have the generator objects,
so genObject.
So first we have to call next or
just start the execution of that
body until it finds a yield.
And in this case it finds yield my input
so it returns that value my input and
downfalls.
We still haven't returned from the object
or from the generator function.
But now because we are actually assigning
a value to yield we can pass a string or
any value to next.
And what this does is basically
it assigns that value result
to the argument that we pass to next.
So, for example, this could make
sense if maybe you want to yield,
what's your favorite number?
And then you could yield
that maybe in an alert or
any prompt that your user can respond to.
And then you can say the result is
the reply they gave to that yield,
if that makes sense,
to the next invocation.
So now it starts again, we still haven't
found a yield cuz we kinda go from cons
result, which just assign that value,
my input, to the next line, right?
So it just logs in log the result,
which is my input.
And only now it doesn't
find a return all done.
So now it returns that object again with
the value all done cuz that was what
we return.
But now done is set to true because we
returned from that generator function and
the generator object is set to closed.
I know this is pretty confusing, but
[LAUGH] we can also use generator
functions or like generated objects to
use the spread operator or use a for
off loop, anything that you can like
iterate through that generator function.
That makes sense, yeah.
>> So if you called.next
without the quote, my input.
>> It'd be undefined.
>> Result would be undefined.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, I wish I could show more
examples of generator functions cuz
they're actually pretty cool.
Calling them functions I feel it's
kind of weird cuz they're not
really functions in that sense, but yeah.
So generator object or isn't iterable or
it implements the iterator
protocol which is the symbol
iterator protocol or something,
which allows you to use a spread operator,
use for-off loops, stuff like that.
And then it will just yield or
return all the values that got
yielded until it got returned.